Jodi Dumler: You must have found a spot.
Holly Roddenbery: Do what
Jodi Dumler: I said, You must have found a better spot. They said your connection wasn't good. But you find now.
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah, hang on just a second, I realized that I didn't charge my phone and I don't have my headset on
Holly Roddenbery: Now, I do.
Holly Roddenbery: That's fine.
Holly Roddenbery: All right, I think I'm all set.
Jodi Dumler: Last week. Oh.
Jodi Dumler: Interesting. Okay.
Holly Roddenbery: It was
Holly Roddenbery: Drama and
Holly Roddenbery: What is the word for
Holly Roddenbery: Good things happening.
Holly Roddenbery: Let's see.
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah eventful and
Holly Roddenbery: In the end, positive
Holly Roddenbery: Obviously, I have a lot of different issues going on. One being the processing of my dad's estate.
Holly Roddenbery: And I don't think I've gone into too much detail with you on that.
Holly Roddenbery: But that was a big
Is a
Holly Roddenbery: big topic on the emotional agenda this week and and obviously the relationship that I have with john and I really focused on those goals that we've set of making intentional time and
Holly Roddenbery: I was conscious that I wanted to make conscious choices with my time.
Holly Roddenbery: Right, how I spent them.
Holly Roddenbery: Taking intentional time away and intentional time together.
Holly Roddenbery: Well, sometimes I can be conscious of what I need to do, but not conscious about doing it.
Holly Roddenbery: Um, and then obviously the time of part one can be challenging to do. And at first I didn't
Holly Roddenbery: I allowed myself to say okay TOMORROW NIGHT OR okay later. And we just kind of continued with our schedule of
Holly Roddenbery: normalcy, and it was very obvious that neither of us were okay with going back to normal. And that's because we are both people that do not like
Holly Roddenbery: being stuck in the mire.
Holly Roddenbery: And like our habits and our patterns in our relationship of not being respectful towards one another and dealing with this problem.
Holly Roddenbery: Was really stinking up our hearts.
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: We just we we know that we want to address that in a way that is beneficial to our relationship and to
Holly Roddenbery: Each other. I guess ourselves and
Holly Roddenbery: We did have some ironing out of problems.
Holly Roddenbery: To talk about and we're not usually people who will make, I guess.
Holly Roddenbery: Will be straightforward about like having these sit down conversation. So they kind of arouse themselves through certain situations we were facing so it was emotional
Holly Roddenbery: Meaning that there was like some shrapnel from his week of drinking. And my mom like trying to be there for me.
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: supporting me and she wasn't too keen on us getting back together so quickly. And whenever
Holly Roddenbery: The conversations are phone. I had a phone conversation with my mom and I wasn't positive and it was upsetting to both JOHN AND MY MOM AND JOHN can really dealt with some emotions after that.
And
Holly Roddenbery: He tried to take some time to process that is very quiet and just reading
Holly Roddenbery: Just taking time to try to work through it, rather than ignore it can tell. And I thought that that was good. But I am someone who bothered the shadow, not to know what was in his mind and what he was thinking and how he was feeling so I go into automatic like, blah, blah.
Holly Roddenbery: Trying to talk about every angle that emotionally and I think it was good because it helped me to work through some of my emotions around everything
Holly Roddenbery: And also to let him know how much I care about her that whenever I talked to my mom about a
Holly Roddenbery: Relationship that it wasn't something that was gossipy or
Holly Roddenbery: Negative. It was very real and heartfelt and that I was very scared that this was the end of our relationship. And then I was in a pickle.
Holly Roddenbery: So,
Holly Roddenbery: I think that kind of helped him that helped both of us because I was able to let him know some of the hurt, rather than keeping it bottled up
Holly Roddenbery: And he was able to express how he's still hurt.
Holly Roddenbery: So we've been trying to work through things
Holly Roddenbery: But we, in the process. It was hard to stay away from that we wanted to comfort each other. We wanted to know each other to feel comforted that we
Holly Roddenbery: love each other.
Holly Roddenbery: So I think we had a habit of trying to
Holly Roddenbery: love each other. There's wins. After we gash them.
Holly Roddenbery: So being the hurt and the healer. Bye.
Holly Roddenbery: That or it seems to be
Holly Roddenbery: That that's that we need some space.
Holly Roddenbery: To heal.
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: Hey, so, and all the all
Holly Roddenbery: I'm not. I'm on my meeting with Jody
Holly Roddenbery: That is john we're both working
Holly Roddenbery: Right now.
Holly Roddenbery: Trying to get to do this morning, rather than wanting to be better about that intentional around
Holly Roddenbery: A lot this week, or this
Holly Roddenbery: Week with
Holly Roddenbery: Not being
Holly Roddenbery: In conscious about what I'm doing and john called me out on that got really annoyed by that because I was supposed to be taking them with him, and there was to do and kept texting my sister about family drama and trying to do post up on Blackboard for my
Holly Roddenbery: As my computer was being slow and I told him like, okay, I'll get this done in five minutes and we'll go for a walk.
Holly Roddenbery: It is about being over an hour and he shared his emotion without being annoyed by that and that it's a constant problem in our relationship that he gets that he's annoyed by
Holly Roddenbery: So in that and I did respond very defensively, because I have a route. I guess about working too hard and being driven, but also not taking time to prioritize and
Holly Roddenbery: Let our relationship.
Holly Roddenbery: Take some hard hits because of that. So I think the positive thing that cannot have that was being able to fight through that in a way that wasn't negative. I mean, it was very emotion code but letting my guard down and approaching it with less anger.
Holly Roddenbery: And just sharing the heart with each other.
Holly Roddenbery: Or at least on my part.
Holly Roddenbery: Was beneficial for us.
Holly Roddenbery: So if anything, it was an example how to not just get angry and be destructive when things arise, but to
Holly Roddenbery: See where the anger is coming from where the heart is and see how, if there is a way to address that heart. And if there's not an answer to be okay with
Holly Roddenbery: Always all
Right.
And
Holly Roddenbery: With I guess what I'm saying.
Holly Roddenbery: So yeah, just some of the things that happened and I last night I did finally stay downstairs.
Holly Roddenbery: And spend like a night for myself and do things that I wanted to do and get some thoughts and feelings and I don't know. John's ready for 100% sobriety.
Holly Roddenbery: Depends you
Holly Roddenbery: Were grilling out yesterday. Go and get some like seltzer alcoholic Seltzer. And it was sort of like
Holly Roddenbery: Not like hard liquor, but it was had liquor in it, but it was like also mixed with bubbly water or something like that and cans and they only they only sold by 12 pack. But before he went and got it. He kind of
Holly Roddenbery: Let me know that he'd made the old get up. It was going to make me upset and I
Holly Roddenbery: Let him know that I didn't want to be the stop sign that
Holly Roddenbery: I that was not something that's been good in our relationship. And he knows that.
Holly Roddenbery: But instead, our
Holly Roddenbery: Able to offer him some wisdom.
Holly Roddenbery: About cycles and
Holly Roddenbery: Just knowing that there is a lack of control that he's admitted over it, asking him to question what's making him desire to do that. What is it in him that makes that now thinks that that's a good idea when it's been so destructive in the past and
Holly Roddenbery: Then
Holly Roddenbery: To just mind that even if this time rust and again and then that trust that you have with thinking of control over it ultimately leads to another downfall.
Holly Roddenbery: So I've been able to see some cycles.
Holly Roddenbery: And pointed out in a non judgmental way which that was what he addressed with me while you're expressing our feelings ever. That's right. He felt judged in the past.
Holly Roddenbery: By my desire not to be announced in a few drinks and I said, understand that and it has been instrumental in the past, and it did nothing for me but making me happy on cravings and I do have myself to look out for. And all of this and it will not just our relationship.
Holly Roddenbery: I'll be honest, that is concerned.
Holly Roddenbery: By the whole idea behind, not wanting to be around you. It's more
Holly Roddenbery: Out of protection. I think this kind of operates it but kinda I should have let him know that
Holly Roddenbery: It was it was protection for a relationship or us more myself.
Holly Roddenbery: That I just said it was
Holly Roddenbery: Good how that could make him feel though that's not what I'm trying to do.
And
Holly Roddenbery: Where we
Holly Roddenbery: spent the night apart know what he did, he kind of jumped on me this morning and things have been going and going.
Holly Roddenbery: And it made me really nervous because of all of PTSD. I have learned everything
Holly Roddenbery: But I, I know that I manage myself better
Jodi Dumler: So it sounds like you felt like you had a lot of
Jodi Dumler: Processing done this week. It sounds like
Holly Roddenbery: Yes, I haven't even gotten through all of it, but I know I'm just rambling about everything right now. Right. Yeah, there was definitely a lot of processing to be done there and
Jodi Dumler: So doing into this week.
Jodi Dumler: You know, you notice that you wanted to be intentional, but you weren't
Jodi Dumler: fully able to maybe accomplish it as much as you wanted
Jodi Dumler: And so what are you, you know, looking at last week and going into this week. What are some changes, you're hoping to to make
Holly Roddenbery: Being
Holly Roddenbery: Like scheduling times that we want to commit to doing something with each other like painting.
Holly Roddenbery: Or doing art projects or some of these things that we wanted to do together but
Holly Roddenbery: It seems like when he's ready to do them. I'm not when I'm ready to do them. He's not and just being sensitive to that and we're going to do something, let's plan it or let's give more of a general
Holly Roddenbery: Or specific time and less generality more specifics. Whenever it comes to being intentional wait time
Holly Roddenbery: Being together and apart and
Holly Roddenbery: Then there's a lot of things in other areas that
Holly Roddenbery: Be intentional to
Holly Roddenbery: Mainly comp plan essentially
Jodi Dumler: Okay, so it sounds good.
Jodi Dumler: I'm very practical. So how do you make that happen.
Holly Roddenbery: Well, right now I have
Holly Roddenbery: This to do list.
Holly Roddenbery: That I'm working on, because whenever I found myself.
Holly Roddenbery: Doing something that I probably shouldn't have been doing first thing on Monday morning.
Holly Roddenbery: I realized that I need to make another to do list. I mean, I have this long one here that I've just attach note card after note card that I'm writing a new one. You know, go back over that.
Jodi Dumler: Do you have, I mean, I'm assuming, with all your schooling and everything that you do that you have like a plan or something where you have when you have to do certain things, or what you know.
Holly Roddenbery: I have
Holly Roddenbery: an addendum to the syllabus now.
Holly Roddenbery: That I'm working off of. That's kind of the larger picture. But we're obviously moving in the finals week so right now I need to make a class prep to the West as well and and block out some time to accomplish that.
Holly Roddenbery: I'm not great with using planners, I'll get one. I'll start to use it. But if it doesn't fit with the program, then it gets booted out like I have a program. I have a a just use it as a calendar. Now in the other room.
Holly Roddenbery: my to do list systems to do pretty well for me because I get the satisfaction of being able to check them off whenever I'm like, what am I supposed to be doing right now I go to it and see what is like the most
Holly Roddenbery: Or what I need to be working on.
Jodi Dumler: And and
Holly Roddenbery: Then I will usually save them because some things get pushed back or change or just never get around to not enough time and then I'll just keep rewriting them.
Holly Roddenbery: So it's been a good system for me.
Jodi Dumler: So his time with john on your to do list. Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: It mentioned it's such a beautiful day out that he wants to go for a bike ride so I
Holly Roddenbery: Said that is the one intentional thing I want to make sure happens
Jodi Dumler: Okay. Are you planning on staying downstairs for a little longer, or you think you're going to do what you did last week.
Holly Roddenbery: I want to at least stay down here, one or two notes.
Jodi Dumler: Okay.
Holly Roddenbery: Because it was nice.
Holly Roddenbery: I hope that he agrees for that.
Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: Yes, about
Holly Roddenbery: Not making each other feel hurt and taking that time to
Holly Roddenbery: Are using it as like a Dart to throw
Holly Roddenbery: By really doing it for the right reason for hope the benefits
Jodi Dumler: Right, and that's one of those things that if
Jodi Dumler: You set the days that you're going to not sleep there. It's more intentional versus
Jodi Dumler: Refreshing. You know, like it. It's not it doesn't
Holly Roddenbery: I'm picking tonight's
Jodi Dumler: The night. Right.
Jodi Dumler: You don't have ya accept because, I mean, even if you
Jodi Dumler: If you planned it but then it's got to stick with it, you know, because I think the trick is you can schedule it so like say think Wednesday night Thursday night or whatever.
Jodi Dumler: But then if you knew consistently decide you're going to change your mind, then the night that you decide you're not going to change nine. It's like, because you know you decided to keep it because you were in, they were you know he was in trouble or
Holly Roddenbery: Something. Yeah, right.
Holly Roddenbery: That didn't feel good to me. You know, it was sort of
Holly Roddenbery: Like yeah I'm
Holly Roddenbery: Taking this intention, but now it's not a choice. It's because of something and it felt. I guess like
Holly Roddenbery: There was
Holly Roddenbery: A decision to push me away and
Holly Roddenbery: That is partially both of our decisions.
Holly Roddenbery: Invited something that I've made clear to him that I don't want to be around so
Holly Roddenbery: You know, I've made I've made the choice to not be near that. But he made the choice to so sort of like we both made that choice.
Holly Roddenbery: So yeah, taking the time whenever it's not forced. Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: But like I think it. I think it's still for safety sake, if
Jodi Dumler: He drinks to just have an agreement that it's, I mean, I think it's fair. I know you said you wanted to say, you know, it was for safety of your relationship but i think it's it's really fair to say I don't trust myself and how I how I am. When you drink. Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: That's what I've told him.
Jodi Dumler: Like if you drink. I can't stay there that night. Like, that's just a
Holly Roddenbery: hard and fast. Yeah, we can't. I mean, is it
Holly Roddenbery: This is so repetitive and are now almost two years relationship that
Holly Roddenbery: He knows that I don't handle myself well around it.
Holly Roddenbery: Trust that
Jodi Dumler: Yeah, now this is, I mean, you guys are doing something very tricky because you're
Jodi Dumler: Not separating but you're trying to work through things
Jodi Dumler: And so it's a very difficult
Jodi Dumler: Challenging process for you guys this way. So I mean it's good that you're continuing to like revisit to say, okay, let's
Jodi Dumler: Let's make this week and last week.
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah yeah yeah
Holly Roddenbery: There's
Holly Roddenbery: There's definitely some good a lot of good. There's definitely a lot of bad
Holly Roddenbery: And at some point you have to just say,
Holly Roddenbery: We are imperfect people and
Holly Roddenbery: Realize that the intentions to want to be better people and better to each other. Is there. And I think that that is the most positive thing that we manage to have a relationship.
Jodi Dumler: Do you feel like at some point.
Jodi Dumler: And I think he, I think he knows it, but at the same time. Do you feel like at some point.
Jodi Dumler: You're going to have to have the discussion that you do realize if you continue to drink out always have to leave like you know i mean
Holly Roddenbery: Eventually, I think that will have to
Holly Roddenbery: I think that that will begin to smell. After a while, and that
Holly Roddenbery: My hopes are
Holly Roddenbery: He can
Holly Roddenbery: Find an appealing with themselves and
Holly Roddenbery: To want to have that, because I know that doesn't want to have this issue.
Holly Roddenbery: I know from talking with him about it that this is there something deeper and darker and then I knew about previously and seeing the depths of where he's come from.
Holly Roddenbery: I have to look on it and see that he has made
Holly Roddenbery: A lot of improvement and I can respect that knowing where I've come from.
Holly Roddenbery: And that my trip through getting sober.
Holly Roddenbery: There was a point in time where I'd get high every day marijuana and I
Holly Roddenbery: Use other things in place of oxy cotton to to fill the void.
Holly Roddenbery: Right and
Holly Roddenbery: I thought that I was doing so good.
Holly Roddenbery: Because I wasn't doing that. One thing that had really messed me up. And so, I realized that
Holly Roddenbery: Our stages and getting well sometimes
Holly Roddenbery: I mean, I see that there's there's grabbed yeah
Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: I have seen times doing the best bad that you I guess best is good in the bad that you can do is progress.
Jodi Dumler: Right, I'm saying, yeah.
Jodi Dumler: He's got he's got to reach to where he knows what to do instead to manage that and I think that takes a while.
Jodi Dumler: Yes, hopefully. Hopefully my patience and love for him that last
Jodi Dumler: One, if it gets hard because I always think with
Jodi Dumler: I mean, it just
Jodi Dumler: Your brain can only heal. If you're not doing other things. And so until you aren't it's it just can't heal so you're kind of just prolong it and that's kind of what
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah yeah
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah, I've kind of we've had those conversations to about how we carve paths paths.
Holly Roddenbery: With our mind.
Holly Roddenbery: And what our thought patterns and had to talk openly with him about Suboxone being something that yes, my body is has an addiction to it, but in the mind. I've carved different paths to deal with my addictive behaviors and
Holly Roddenbery: It took me a long time to carve this paths and to find out. Know what was the right path.
Holly Roddenbery: Because I want to start carving another and then see that okay, this isn't the right way, I'm honest. Yeah, so
Holly Roddenbery: It does take
Holly Roddenbery: Intention rather than
Holly Roddenbery: Replacing
Jodi Dumler: Yeah. Well, and that's that's that's the hard thing, too, is you're going to have. Okay, thanks for a while and it May or June medicine that makes you sick, but it just depends on how your health is if you can even use those. So
Jodi Dumler: We haven't really decided what you want to do.
Holly Roddenbery: I'm
Holly Roddenbery: Just be brought up to them. Yeah, I def definitely discussed
Holly Roddenbery: Medication for
Holly Roddenbery: The drinking and stuff. I don't know face.
Holly Roddenbery: Ready for that ready for that as an option.
Holly Roddenbery: Sometimes it's when we realize that
Holly Roddenbery: You need that.
Holly Roddenbery: It becomes desirable.
Holly Roddenbery: And something that you're willing to try
Right.
Jodi Dumler: When he. It sounds like even though he's he's he's making a gradual trend, you know, trajectory would kind of up and that's good and
Jodi Dumler: It's still a long way coming way getting really where he's fully ready and I think was, yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah I Something just hit me. I guess I really felt his words he spoke.
Holly Roddenbery: A couple of months ago texted me and said, I might not always
Holly Roddenbery: make the right decision. But I am trying to figure this thing out.
Holly Roddenbery: And
Paste.
Holly Roddenbery: And I have been stubborn to
Holly Roddenbery: Probably some nights continue to struggle with on occasion.
Holly Roddenbery: Well,
Jodi Dumler: You can use that for your good sometimes. So, that's okay.
Jodi Dumler: I think my biggest thing for it. And I think just what I'm going to continue to check in on and reiterate every time when we talk. It's just the making sure that you are
Jodi Dumler: Being protective of yourself and that you keep that
Jodi Dumler: As you do love him. And so it makes it difficult
Jodi Dumler: And I don't. I think boundaries are just so important for you guys to figure everything out. So that's kind of why I keep checking on it because I'm hoping. Like we talked last week that
Jodi Dumler: You guys can see some progress a little quicker than like six months from now, just depending on how slow you do do this. Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: So it really is. I mean, really, I guess it just depends on how long you want this whole thing to go but yeah
Jodi Dumler: But I also want you to fill
Jodi Dumler: I think it's, I mean, I think you have a blessing in that you guys who are both struggling with something that you can understand each other.
Jodi Dumler: And I think it also makes it a challenge.
Jodi Dumler: Because you don't want to hurt him. And you understand how that feels. But you also stuff to protect yourself. So it makes it very difficult to put you in
Holly Roddenbery: This they can be very
Holly Roddenbery: Beautiful, though. And the way that it used for good and then like the way that I see see
Holly Roddenbery: Reasoning behind why and why people suggest that to people who have addiction should not have a relationship and like I see the truths and the wisdom in that
Holly Roddenbery: But I also see that there's something beautiful in that when you're able to
Holly Roddenbery: Help one another.
Holly Roddenbery: Through it
Holly Roddenbery: So,
Holly Roddenbery: I know it's often times that this is happening for a reason.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah, yeah. I mean, if you do have a benefit in that you're not addicted to the same thing.
Jodi Dumler: Yes, so that makes me that would make it
Holly Roddenbery: One of our more
Holly Roddenbery: Interesting fact one of our first conversations that we had when we first met each other at this pen lines for craft craft camp or art camp for adults.
Holly Roddenbery: Was as we were working how we got into these
Holly Roddenbery: On this intense level of understanding with each other that we did must be familiar spirit or something.
Holly Roddenbery: But
Holly Roddenbery: I just remember him saying, I always take things to the extreme. I always take them too far. I don't know.
Holly Roddenbery: There's no such thing as too far with me and I was like, there is such thing as too far. Trust me, I've been there. I hadn't turned back
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: It was just like he picked that up instantly and knew what I was talking about. And I knew exactly what he was talking about that he's stubborn and bullheaded and will plow through things
Holly Roddenbery: And make thing.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah. And like I said personality traits are good.
Jodi Dumler: Me bad
Jodi Dumler: There's always two sides to things.
Jodi Dumler: OK, so the biggest goals. That sounds like is two to three nights away intentionally picked
Jodi Dumler: So in the near future, you should pick those because you're running your on Monday.
Jodi Dumler: And the other thing is just sounds like using your to do list and really
Jodi Dumler: Having him on there and do your work on there and
Jodi Dumler: Get both get both in so that's good. And you had mentioned and you know you told me in the past about your of the state is you would you would talk to me about the division and how that didn't work. You know how that have not ended well and how it had been worded and all of that.
Jodi Dumler: But that's, yes.
Holly Roddenbery: So there was that struggle there shrapnel from
Holly Roddenbery: I realized that was shrapnel some my negative choices in life and that's why that hurt so bad.
Holly Roddenbery: That I I'm fairly or I guess with negative feelings lashed out at my sister ever it, but we're we're OK, we have a past that we need each other and
Holly Roddenbery: That has been helpful because
Holly Roddenbery: My parents were divorced, but man, a long time ago.
Holly Roddenbery: Things didn't go well. And they're divorced and they were just constantly fighting
Holly Roddenbery: Each other to court and my mom taking him to court.
Holly Roddenbery: And and then when I got her stroke went on became
Holly Roddenbery: She had compassion for the fact that my sister was pregnant. I was in grad school, my brother, nobody trusts them to be a caretaker. And then I realized that was a burden that have been placed on us and
Holly Roddenbery: She has been a caretaker before for her parents and wanted to help. So with humility and compassion. She took my dad and and I think there was also love there too.
Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: Sometimes she didn't like herself, because it was very big thing to step up to do. And so there was a lot of emotions involved for her. And when she was upset and getting like what she volunteered herself to go
Holly Roddenbery: She would say that we need to be paying her and she would switch to this professional role of
Holly Roddenbery: You guys need to be paying more. This is what it should cost. And at that point, there was issues with my sister getting his assets in order to where he could afford that high level of care.
Holly Roddenbery: And he passed away before that problem was ever resolved.
Holly Roddenbery: And there wasn't ever a
Holly Roddenbery: Agreeable number that we could come up with. And now she has a claim against the State.
Holly Roddenbery: Or quite a, quite a some there would be luxury at home health care for two plus years.
Holly Roddenbery: So that's obviously upsetting to us, our children and
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: To her. Yeah, because it's a lot of residual anger and
Holly Roddenbery: That is
Holly Roddenbery: Involved in this
Holly Roddenbery: tricky situation. I've been talking with my
Holly Roddenbery: Family pastor about it weekly
Holly Roddenbery: She's keeping my dog.
Holly Roddenbery: She's on oxygen now because she's
Holly Roddenbery: No longer smoking, which is a good thing.
Holly Roddenbery: Like, it's not a pretty situation.
Holly Roddenbery: And I know that she probably doesn't need to be keeping my dog.
Holly Roddenbery: And it's the same thing with that tried to pay her, but she turns that away.
Holly Roddenbery: Doesn't want to take money from her. She wants to be the mother roles but yet he needs the money and gets angry at times she really had had some emotional problems.
Holly Roddenbery: Brought on by damage in her brain from the stroke cyclic thinking and not being able to rationalize. So this is another headache.
Holly Roddenbery: And got a plan.
Holly Roddenbery: See how that goes. Okay.
Jodi Dumler: So it so it sounds like you said you're talking weekly with your pastor and you're able to just that sounds like that time is really devoted to family.
Jodi Dumler: Processing and
Jodi Dumler: All of that is that
Jodi Dumler: Right. Okay, good.
Holly Roddenbery: Also, he's aware of our situation.
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: filled him.
Holly Roddenbery: In he just continues to do so.
Holly Roddenbery: But mainly. This is what we talked about situation.
Jodi Dumler: Perfect. Well, that helps me because then I know he's
Jodi Dumler: Bringing up stuff about the family and you want to talk about, you can, you know, to throw it in chat. So I have no the mix.
Holly Roddenbery: But if I know my God I have so much on me that I happen to have
Holly Roddenbery: Several therapist.
Jodi Dumler: That's actually wonderful because that way we know who's doing what.
Yes.
Jodi Dumler: Because otherwise. Yeah, it's hard to get it all in. And you know the one meeting week so if we can split it on her that's better, that's good.
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah, I do Sunday's with them or him in this way, Mondays.
Jodi Dumler: Good. That's awesome though. Okay. Yeah, I haven't heard any we had talked about it and you know I asked you to go and do that, and you said you had it, but I hadn't heard I know if it was continuing and how often so that's good to know.
Holly Roddenbery: This
Holly Roddenbery: I definitely reach out for
Holly Roddenbery: Port whatever up things are going to take the coffee.
Holly Roddenbery: Are you back with me.
Yep.
Holly Roddenbery: Okay, sorry, whenever it seems to be one.
Holly Roddenbery: Walk in a certain part of it doesn't do so well.
Jodi Dumler: That's okay.
Jodi Dumler: Okay.
Holly Roddenbery: So, thank you.
Holly Roddenbery: for talking with me and just be in here. A lot of times I need a sounding board.
Jodi Dumler: Time we all could use that
Holly Roddenbery: Really helped me brought up some
Holly Roddenbery: Wise points to talk about
Holly Roddenbery: Appreciate it. This is helping
Guide
Jodi Dumler: Now, please let me know. For for missing something. But it sounds like
Jodi Dumler: Right now we know what the focus is so
Jodi Dumler: Good. And you're fine. Okay. We kind of touched on the relationship with family, just in general, self care wise holding up. How are you doing,
Holly Roddenbery: I can't believe that I'm standing
Holly Roddenbery: Am
Jodi Dumler: Hey man, you must be doing something right. Okay.
Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: I guess, whenever you really have the crisis going on. You really want to
Holly Roddenbery: Do things right and
Holly Roddenbery: This is the way I know and I'm walking, not so
Holly Roddenbery: Good go better than I did last week during the stores.
Jodi Dumler: Okay, so you're feeling like hopefully
Jodi Dumler: They're continuing but maybe they're not quite as big of waves.
Jodi Dumler: At least not right now.
Holly Roddenbery: If I at least watch my own way. I'll be doing something good.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah, I
Jodi Dumler: Think I lost your sound.
Holly Roddenbery: Here. Can you hear me.
Jodi Dumler: Now again, like
Jodi Dumler: Yeah, yeah. I think that was a wise statement, you said about the wave. That's what I caught before you went away. I'm about, you know, managing your own way, because then you can feel good about the component, you have the most control over. So that's
Jodi Dumler: Essential
Jodi Dumler: Okay, so we've got the plan, you're going to dive into it.
Jodi Dumler: And we're going to see how the week goes yeah
Holly Roddenbery: So next Monday.
Jodi Dumler: Sounds good to me. Let me
Jodi Dumler: I'm pretty sure I don't have anything that's the one nice thing about this whole coronavirus thing is that my life got. I mean, I'm so busy, but I'm home. So I'm like you, I think I'm here.
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah, it's sort of like
Holly Roddenbery: You have this extreme workspace like people who work at a desk with the computer is all around them like 360 workspace.
Holly Roddenbery: Helpful for me.
Jodi Dumler: It's good amenities are usually pretty good for meeting so that actually works really well to do them and continue the Monday, so it will actually be in Maine. Next week, right. The fourth
Holly Roddenbery: Yep, I'm checking my calendar really quick.
Okay.
Holly Roddenbery: That looks good to me.
Jodi Dumler: Okay, I'll just plan on the same time next week.
Jodi Dumler: Sounds good. All right, reach out if you need something now, I guess. Now, you have my number saved in your phone. So, yes.
Holly Roddenbery: Alright. Have a good week.
Jodi Dumler: They're providing
Jodi Dumler: Hi. I forgot to pray for you.
Jodi Dumler: I forgetting. I told you I gotta get back into the routine throwing myself out of it.
Jodi Dumler: All right, I'm gonna do a really quick one.
Jodi Dumler: Dear Lord, I just thank you for the blessing of holly and I getting to meet and
Jodi Dumler: Just for the spirit that you've given her and I just ask that you guide her into this week, helping her to really listen to
Jodi Dumler: Your spirits movement in her life and just that you can really help guide her through this difficult time and that she can just
Jodi Dumler: Feel very at peace with the decisions that she makes and comforted when she's struggling and I just asked for wisdom and discernment, as she continues forth in your son Jesus name we pray amen
Holly Roddenbery: Wisdom was the thing that I really noticed has been answered the most
Holly Roddenbery: So you. I'll see you next week.
Holly Roddenbery: Bye bye. Thank you.